docs/README.md, before:

# Vueni Finance Documentation Index

This directory houses all project documentation, organized for clarity and ease-of-use.

## Sections

| Folder          | Purpose                                                 |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `guides/`       | Hands-on setup, usage, and migration guides             |
| `reports/`      | Post-mortems, audits, analysis & implementation reports |
| `changelogs/`   | Changelog and release notes                             |
| `architecture/` | Diagrams & blueprints                                   |
| `api/`          | API references                                          |
| `procedures/`   | Internal procedures & playbooks                         |

---

# Vueni Documentation

Welcome to the comprehensive documentation for the Vueni application. This documentation provides everything you need to understand, develop, test, and deploy the application.

## 📋 Table of Contents

### 🏗️ Architecture & Design

- **[Architecture Diagrams](./ARCHITECTURE_DIAGRAMS.md)** - System architecture, component hierarchy, and data flow diagrams
- **[Refactoring Blueprint](./REFACTORING_BLUEPRINT.md)** - Comprehensive refactoring strategy and implementation plan
- **[API Reference](./API_REFERENCE.md)** - Complete API documentation for all functions and services
- **[Font Configuration](./guides/guide-font-configuration.md)** - Official font stack and CSS variables

### 🔒 Security

- **[Security Analysis](./SECURITY_ANALYSIS.md)** - Security vulnerabilities, risk assessment, and remediation strategies

### 🧪 Testing

- **[Testing Strategy](./TESTING_STRATEGY.md)** - Comprehensive testing framework setup and implementation guide

### 🚀 Deployment

- **[Deployment Guide](./DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md)** - Development setup, build processes, and deployment strategies

### 📖 Quick Reference

- **[Main README](../README.md)** - Project overview, features, and quick start guide

## 🎯 Quick Start for Different Roles

### For Developers

1. Start with the [Deployment Guide](./DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md) for environment setup
2. Review [Architecture Diagrams](./ARCHITECTURE_DIAGRAMS.md) to understand the system
3. Follow the [Testing Strategy](./TESTING_STRATEGY.md) for testing guidelines
4. Use the [API Reference](./API_REFERENCE.md) for function documentation

### For Security Engineers

1. Review the [Security Analysis](./SECURITY_ANALYSIS.md) for vulnerability assessment
2. Implement security fixes from the [Refactoring Blueprint](./REFACTORING_BLUEPRINT.md)
3. Follow security testing procedures in [Testing Strategy](./TESTING_STRATEGY.md)

### For DevOps Engineers

1. Use the [Deployment Guide](./DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md) for CI/CD setup
2. Reference [Architecture Diagrams](./ARCHITECTURE_DIAGRAMS.md) for infrastructure planning
3. Implement monitoring strategies from the deployment guide

### For Product Managers

1. Start with the [Main README](../README.md) for feature overview
2. Review the [Refactoring Blueprint](./REFACTORING_BLUEPRINT.md) for project timeline
3. Understand technical debt and priorities from the security analysis

## 📊 Project Status Dashboard

### Code Quality Metrics

| Metric            | Current  | Target     | Status             |
| ----------------- | -------- | ---------- | ------------------ |
| Test Coverage     | 0%       | 80%        | 🔴 Critical        |
| Code Duplication  | 23%      | <5%        | 🟡 High Priority   |
| Security Issues   | Multiple | 0 Critical | 🔴 Critical        |
| TypeScript Strict | Disabled | Enabled    | 🟡 High Priority   |
| Bundle Size       | 2.3MB    | 1.2MB      | 🟡 Medium Priority |

### Implementation Progress

- [ ] **Phase 1: Foundation** (Weeks 1-2) - Testing framework, security fixes
- [ ] **Phase 2: Consolidation** (Weeks 3-4) - Component unification, code deduplication
- [ ] **Phase 3: Optimization** (Weeks 5-6) - Performance improvements, bundle optimization
- [ ] **Phase 4: Testing** (Weeks 7-8) - Comprehensive test coverage
- [ ] **Phase 5: Documentation** (Week 9) - Technical documentation completion
- [ ] **Phase 6: Deployment** (Week 10) - Production deployment and monitoring

## 🔧 Technical Specifications

### Technology Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18.3.1 + TypeScript 5.5.3
- **Build Tool**: Vite 5.4.1
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS 3.4.11 + Radix UI
- **State Management**: React Query + Context API
- **Testing**: Vitest + Playwright + React Testing Library
- **Deployment**: Vercel (recommended) + Docker support

### Key Features

- 12 specialized financial calculators
- Real-time transaction analysis with eco/health scoring
- Advanced budget planning and insights
- Investment portfolio tracking
- Responsive liquid glass UI design
- Dark/light theme support

## 📈 Performance Targets

### Core Web Vitals

- **First Contentful Paint**: <1.5s
- **Largest Contentful Paint**: <2.5s
- **Cumulative Layout Shift**: <0.1
- **First Input Delay**: <100ms

### Application Metrics

- **Bundle Size**: <1.2MB (target)
- **Time to Interactive**: <3s
- **Test Coverage**: >80%
- **Lighthouse Score**: >90

## 🛠️ Development Workflow

### Local Development

```bash
# Setup
git clone <repository>
cd vueni
npm install
cp .env.example .env.local

# Development
npm run dev          # Start development server
npm run test:watch   # Run tests in watch mode
npm run lint         # Check code quality
npm run type-check   # Verify TypeScript
```

### Testing Workflow

```bash
npm run test             # Run all tests
npm run test:coverage    # Generate coverage report
npm run test:e2e        # Run end-to-end tests
npm run test:security   # Run security tests
```

### Deployment Workflow

```bash
npm run build           # Build for production
npm run preview         # Preview production build
npm run deploy          # Deploy to staging
npm run deploy:prod     # Deploy to production
```

## 🔍 Key Insights from Analysis

### Critical Issues Identified

1. **No Test Coverage**: 0% test coverage presents significant risk for financial calculations
2. **Security Vulnerabilities**: Unencrypted data storage and XSS vulnerabilities
3. **Code Duplication**: 2,266 lines of duplicate code across 6 TransactionList variations
4. **Performance Issues**: 2.3MB bundle size and unoptimized rendering

### Refactoring Priorities

1. **Security Fixes** (Week 1) - Encrypt sensitive data, fix XSS vulnerabilities
2. **Testing Infrastructure** (Week 1-2) - Achieve 80% test coverage for critical functions
3. **Component Consolidation** (Week 3-4) - Eliminate duplicate code, unified components
4. **Performance Optimization** (Week 5-6) - Reduce bundle size by 40%, implement virtual scrolling

### Success Metrics

- **Reduce technical debt** from high to low
- **Achieve 80% test coverage** across all critical functionality
- **Zero critical security vulnerabilities** in production
- **40% performance improvement** in load times
- **90% TypeScript strict compliance** for type safety

## 📚 Additional Resources

### External Documentation

- [React Documentation](https://react.dev/)
- [TypeScript Handbook](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/)
- [Vite Guide](https://vitejs.dev/guide/)
- [TailwindCSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
- [Vitest Documentation](https://vitest.dev/)
- [Playwright Documentation](https://playwright.dev/)

### Financial Calculation Resources

- [Compound Interest Formula](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/compoundinterest.asp)
- [Loan Amortization](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/amortization.asp)
- [ROI Calculation](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/returnoninvestment.asp)
- [401k Planning](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/1/401kplan.asp)

### Security Resources

- [OWASP Top 10](https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/)
- [Content Security Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP)
- [Web Security Best Practices](https://web.dev/secure/)

## 🤝 Contributing

### Code Standards

- Follow TypeScript strict mode guidelines
- Maintain 80%+ test coverage for new features
- Use conventional commit messages
- Implement security-first development practices

### Review Process

1. Create feature branch from `develop`
2. Implement changes with comprehensive tests
3. Run full test suite and security checks
4. Submit pull request with detailed description
5. Code review and approval required
6. Automated CI/CD deployment

### Documentation Requirements

- Update API documentation for new functions
- Add JSDoc comments for all exported functions
- Update architecture diagrams for structural changes
- Include security considerations for new features

## 📞 Support and Contact

### Development Team

- **Lead Developer**: [Contact Information]
- **Security Engineer**: [Contact Information]
- **DevOps Engineer**: [Contact Information]

### Issue Reporting

- **Security Issues**: Report privately to security team
- **Bug Reports**: Use GitHub Issues with bug template
- **Feature Requests**: Use GitHub Issues with feature template
- **Documentation Issues**: Use GitHub Issues with docs template

---

This documentation is actively maintained and updated with each release. For the most current information, always refer to the latest version in the repository.

Commit message:

feat: implement comprehensive typography system improvements
- Add typography tokens file (src/theme/typography.ts) with fontSizes and lineHeights
- Update chart typography sizes to 12px for better readability
- Integrate typography tokens in Tailwind config with semantic naming
- Set base HTML font size to 16px in index.css
- Add typography token documentation (docs/typography-snapshot.md)
- Link typography documentation in docs README

Resolves GitHub issues #72, #73, #74, #75

docs/README.md, after:

# Vueni Finance Documentation Index

This directory houses all project documentation, organized for clarity and ease-of-use.

## Sections

| Folder          | Purpose                                                 |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `guides/`       | Hands-on setup, usage, and migration guides             |
| `reports/`      | Post-mortems, audits, analysis & implementation reports |
| `changelogs/`   | Changelog and release notes                             |
| `architecture/` | Diagrams & blueprints                                   |
| `api/`          | API references                                          |
| `procedures/`   | Internal procedures & playbooks                         |

---

# Vueni Documentation

Welcome to the comprehensive documentation for the Vueni application. This documentation provides everything you need to understand, develop, test, and deploy the application.

## 📋 Table of Contents

### 🏗️ Architecture & Design

- **[Architecture Diagrams](./ARCHITECTURE_DIAGRAMS.md)** - System architecture, component hierarchy, and data flow diagrams
- **[Refactoring Blueprint](./REFACTORING_BLUEPRINT.md)** - Comprehensive refactoring strategy and implementation plan
- **[API Reference](./API_REFERENCE.md)** - Complete API documentation for all functions and services
- **[Font Configuration](./guides/guide-font-configuration.md)** - Official font stack and CSS variables
- **[Typography Snapshot](./typography-snapshot.md)** - Summary of font tokens and usage counts

### 🔒 Security

- **[Security Analysis](./SECURITY_ANALYSIS.md)** - Security vulnerabilities, risk assessment, and remediation strategies

### 🧪 Testing

- **[Testing Strategy](./TESTING_STRATEGY.md)** - Comprehensive testing framework setup and implementation guide

### 🚀 Deployment

- **[Deployment Guide](./DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md)** - Development setup, build processes, and deployment strategies

### 📖 Quick Reference

- **[Main README](../README.md)** - Project overview, features, and quick start guide

## 🎯 Quick Start for Different Roles

### For Developers

1. Start with the [Deployment Guide](./DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md) for environment setup
2. Review [Architecture Diagrams](./ARCHITECTURE_DIAGRAMS.md) to understand the system
3. Follow the [Testing Strategy](./TESTING_STRATEGY.md) for testing guidelines
4. Use the [API Reference](./API_REFERENCE.md) for function documentation

### For Security Engineers

1. Review the [Security Analysis](./SECURITY_ANALYSIS.md) for vulnerability assessment
2. Implement security fixes from the [Refactoring Blueprint](./REFACTORING_BLUEPRINT.md)
3. Follow security testing procedures in [Testing Strategy](./TESTING_STRATEGY.md)

### For DevOps Engineers

1. Use the [Deployment Guide](./DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md) for CI/CD setup
2. Reference [Architecture Diagrams](./ARCHITECTURE_DIAGRAMS.md) for infrastructure planning
3. Implement monitoring strategies from the deployment guide

### For Product Managers

1. Start with the [Main README](../README.md) for feature overview
2. Review the [Refactoring Blueprint](./REFACTORING_BLUEPRINT.md) for project timeline
3. Understand technical debt and priorities from the security analysis

## 📊 Project Status Dashboard

### Code Quality Metrics

| Metric            | Current  | Target     | Status             |
| ----------------- | -------- | ---------- | ------------------ |
| Test Coverage     | 0%       | 80%        | 🔴 Critical        |
| Code Duplication  | 23%      | <5%        | 🟡 High Priority   |
| Security Issues   | Multiple | 0 Critical | 🔴 Critical        |
| TypeScript Strict | Disabled | Enabled    | 🟡 High Priority   |
| Bundle Size       | 2.3MB    | 1.2MB      | 🟡 Medium Priority |

### Implementation Progress

- [ ] **Phase 1: Foundation** (Weeks 1-2) - Testing framework, security fixes
- [ ] **Phase 2: Consolidation** (Weeks 3-4) - Component unification, code deduplication
- [ ] **Phase 3: Optimization** (Weeks 5-6) - Performance improvements, bundle optimization
- [ ] **Phase 4: Testing** (Weeks 7-8) - Comprehensive test coverage
- [ ] **Phase 5: Documentation** (Week 9) - Technical documentation completion
- [ ] **Phase 6: Deployment** (Week 10) - Production deployment and monitoring

## 🔧 Technical Specifications

### Technology Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18.3.1 + TypeScript 5.5.3
- **Build Tool**: Vite 5.4.1
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS 3.4.11 + Radix UI
- **State Management**: React Query + Context API
- **Testing**: Vitest + Playwright + React Testing Library
- **Deployment**: Vercel (recommended) + Docker support

### Key Features

- 12 specialized financial calculators
- Real-time transaction analysis with eco/health scoring
- Advanced budget planning and insights
- Investment portfolio tracking
- Responsive liquid glass UI design
- Dark/light theme support

## 📈 Performance Targets

### Core Web Vitals

- **First Contentful Paint**: <1.5s
- **Largest Contentful Paint**: <2.5s
- **Cumulative Layout Shift**: <0.1
- **First Input Delay**: <100ms

### Application Metrics

- **Bundle Size**: <1.2MB (target)
- **Time to Interactive**: <3s
- **Test Coverage**: >80%
- **Lighthouse Score**: >90

## 🛠️ Development Workflow

### Local Development

```bash
# Setup
git clone <repository>
cd vueni
npm install
cp .env.example .env.local

# Development
npm run dev          # Start development server
npm run test:watch   # Run tests in watch mode
npm run lint         # Check code quality
npm run type-check   # Verify TypeScript
```

### Testing Workflow

```bash
npm run test             # Run all tests
npm run test:coverage    # Generate coverage report
npm run test:e2e        # Run end-to-end tests
npm run test:security   # Run security tests
```

### Deployment Workflow

```bash
npm run build           # Build for production
npm run preview         # Preview production build
npm run deploy          # Deploy to staging
npm run deploy:prod     # Deploy to production
```

## 🔍 Key Insights from Analysis

### Critical Issues Identified

1. **No Test Coverage**: 0% test coverage presents significant risk for financial calculations
2. **Security Vulnerabilities**: Unencrypted data storage and XSS vulnerabilities
3. **Code Duplication**: 2,266 lines of duplicate code across 6 TransactionList variations
4. **Performance Issues**: 2.3MB bundle size and unoptimized rendering

### Refactoring Priorities

1. **Security Fixes** (Week 1) - Encrypt sensitive data, fix XSS vulnerabilities
2. **Testing Infrastructure** (Week 1-2) - Achieve 80% test coverage for critical functions
3. **Component Consolidation** (Week 3-4) - Eliminate duplicate code, unified components
4. **Performance Optimization** (Week 5-6) - Reduce bundle size by 40%, implement virtual scrolling

### Success Metrics

- **Reduce technical debt** from high to low
- **Achieve 80% test coverage** across all critical functionality
- **Zero critical security vulnerabilities** in production
- **40% performance improvement** in load times
- **90% TypeScript strict compliance** for type safety

## 📚 Additional Resources

### External Documentation

- [React Documentation](https://react.dev/)
- [TypeScript Handbook](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/)
- [Vite Guide](https://vitejs.dev/guide/)
- [TailwindCSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
- [Vitest Documentation](https://vitest.dev/)
- [Playwright Documentation](https://playwright.dev/)

### Financial Calculation Resources

- [Compound Interest Formula](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/compoundinterest.asp)
- [Loan Amortization](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/amortization.asp)
- [ROI Calculation](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/returnoninvestment.asp)
- [401k Planning](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/1/401kplan.asp)

### Security Resources

- [OWASP Top 10](https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/)
- [Content Security Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP)
- [Web Security Best Practices](https://web.dev/secure/)

## 🤝 Contributing

### Code Standards

- Follow TypeScript strict mode guidelines
- Maintain 80%+ test coverage for new features
- Use conventional commit messages
- Implement security-first development practices

### Review Process

1. Create feature branch from `develop`
2. Implement changes with comprehensive tests
3. Run full test suite and security checks
4. Submit pull request with detailed description
5. Code review and approval required
6. Automated CI/CD deployment

### Documentation Requirements

- Update API documentation for new functions
- Add JSDoc comments for all exported functions
- Update architecture diagrams for structural changes
- Include security considerations for new features

## 📞 Support and Contact

### Development Team

- **Lead Developer**: [Contact Information]
- **Security Engineer**: [Contact Information]
- **DevOps Engineer**: [Contact Information]

### Issue Reporting

- **Security Issues**: Report privately to security team
- **Bug Reports**: Use GitHub Issues with bug template
- **Feature Requests**: Use GitHub Issues with feature template
- **Documentation Issues**: Use GitHub Issues with docs template

---

This documentation is actively maintained and updated with each release. For the most current information, always refer to the latest version in the repository.
